Category as first argument for the Manual (#1445)
homalg-project/CAP_project: Manual/Tutorial.tex

\input{GAP_tex/group_example/CreateCategory_main}

> The string is just the name of the category we have created, and the variable
> \texttt{grps} refers to the category. For legacy reasons,\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string is just the name of the category we create. For legacy reasons,\\
```
